hi! welcome to my little diAry. 

im not good at writing. but i just want to document everything here. 

okay so lets go back in 31st of december 2019. it was a bad day for me since i needed to go to work on new year. meaning i wont be able to have fun on new years eve. i just slept for about 2 hours then brought myself to work. 

workplace was quiet since lots of people were on holiday leave. i was supposed to as well but they needed bit of people to go on duty on january 1st. sadly, and unfortunately, i was one of the unlucky people. it was not that busy at some time of the day but it was kinda stressful. 

few days after, we went on a beach on the south-west part of luzon. we camped on the beach, did some island hopping. it was fun! 

fast forward, i got transferred to a different department for the 2nd time. had to undergo training for 2 weeks. 
we were planning for a family trip to the northern part of luzon early february but unfortunately, again, i wont be able to go on leave during trainings. i thought the trip would be cancelled but thankful i spoke with my supervisor and they made me a special leave for three days plus the two days off. i was so happy because i really love going to new places. it started back in 2019 when we went to baguio. 

we spent 3 days in ilocos then went to subic for a day. we went to the lighthouse, we went to pagudpud which is one of the best beaches i have ever been to my entire life. white sand, crystal blue waters, windmills, it was nice. the place that we stayed at was cool as well. the next day we went to kapurpurawan rock formation, had some ilocos empanada as snack, then headed to manaoag pangasinan, then to subic. 
it was fun but it was kind of tiring too. specially the last day in subic, i was exhausted. 

then march came along, i was back at work. then this covid19 was getting worse. i usually commute to work since i do not own a car. i was waiting on the hiway since 4:30am and it was already 7:45am there was still no transport because all of the buses and vans are full because they implemented the social distancing rule. i decided just to go home. that day was march 16. and the president declared the nationwide as "ECQ" meaning we are not allowed to go outside. it has been like that until may 16 when i went back to work. lots have changed when i came back to work. until i was sent home from the office on june 15 due to 37.4 temperature. i was required to home quarantine for 14 days and i did. 

the office was shutdown due to multiple issues of covid19.

now it is july 16 and the site is  reopening on monday. i decided not to go back to work as for now. i am worried about my health and my family. im just at home, playing call of duty and watching movies all day. life is really shitty right now but i am confident that this would get better soon. better than before. and my dreams would come true. i just need to have that patience. 

